Hey, Chris, can you hear me?
Hello.
Hello.
Good afternoon.
Good morning, Chris.
I don't think he's able to hear us.
Is Jitendra coming or?
Yes, he's in another meeting.
So once that's done, he will come.
OK, Bring one with Jim.
Hello, everyone.
Hello.
Hello, David, guys.
Afternoon.
Afternoon, David.
So we we thought Chris,
you only joined on the call.
My apologies.
No worries.
You're waiting that maybe there's some
problem with the camera, but yeah, no.
OK, so Chitan, there is another meeting.
I think he will join soon,
but I'll say let's, let's start.
Yeah, let's start.
So first thing first,
so this week what we have done whatever
we have discussed in the last week like
we have placed the button for the refresh
on the listing screen as well as the
estimation screen so that you guys
whenever if it is in the queue.
So you can click on that and then system
will showcase the status, the AI status.
And then we are showing the pop up toast
message.
Whenever you uploading a document then it
will showcase that message.
And if you hit the refresh button,
it will showcase the same if it is in
progress or success or whatsoever.
And then we have added one column on the
listing screen for the AI status.
So it will showcase the success in
progress,
all those stuff so that you no need to
again click on the refresh button.
And apart from that currently we if we
uploading any document and then the
system is able to face those information
from the AI back end and showcase on the
listing screen.
So that's we have done from our link.
So if we are ready,
then we can share our screen and then
create one opportunity,
upload the document and then see.
Yeah, we're Jay.
Yeah, we've been,
we've been ready for about a month and
1/2.
So I think you could say we're ready.
Yeah, yes.
OK, so let's start.
Hope the screen is visible.
Yep, it is.
Let me add a opportunity finished.
OK, so here it is.
Let me upload a document over here.
Yes.
So I was talking about this particular
column.
So we are added this,
we are added this one AI status and here
is the refresh button.
So currently it is in progress.
So if you hit the refresh button,
it will update the AI status and showcase
on the listing screen.
So we have loaded the document on this.
So let's wait for a couple of minutes and
then we can.
So meanwhile you can look at the other
estimate that you guys tested yesterday,
this morning.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Let me duplicate the tab.
Yeah.
So what we have done estimation.
So the time at which you had sent it was
34, right?
Yes, yes, yes.
OK, here it is.
See 204 the system time it is showing not
the our timing.
Sure, no problem.
OK, 205 only one minute.
Yeah.
So we have done this thing.
So the system is showing the result for
all these 10 estimation.
Yeah, it's looking better.
Yes, looking better, 1048 hours, yeah,
yes.
And for some of the items,
the material and labor,
maybe not accurate.
Then again,
we need to like whenever you guys are
checking the information,
then you guys let us know just so that we
can accommodate those things from out.
Yeah, like, like we said last week,
it's OK that these numbers are wrong.
You know,
we we're not going to go to fix them
until they actually show up.
So, yeah,
so now at least we have numbers to look
at then we can diagnose what rules or
whatever that are sort of pointing in the
wrong place, correct.
So I, I have like already click on that.
That is why it is showing design uploaded
list gates successfully.
So once that's been done,
the AI status will change from in
progress to success if we if it is faced
all the information from the AI document.
So let's wait for a few more minutes.
So as of now 3 minutes.
And I also looked at the system status
yesterday with Jitendra yeah,
Ajay Arpesh yesterday evening.
And I think we have uploaded almost like
4 to 5 different document one by one, yes,
and it was going through the process
right.
When document is processed,
second is processed, right?
And then we're able to see the proper
data as well, right?
That description is coming up,
the hours cost, they're all coming up.
So I would say now system is at the stage
where you guys can start testing it,
right?
And then look at the data,
verify and then start sharing your
feedback.
Yeah, definitely, yes.
And one question for please.
So sorry, sorry, ask a question.
Yes.
So have you updated those a questionnaire
from your increase?
No, I have.
No,
I haven't added in the the pipe schedule
one.
I haven't because I have checked and it
was blank at that point.
Like whatever information is there still
the same information and and have you
created that particular table or
different,
different material from where we could
phase the made from details?
Yeah, the the sheet sizes.
Yeah, I have that I thought I'd yeah, yes.
So it's been succeed.
So it took around approximately 4 minute.
We have uploaded document 24 and it's
been 2-9.
OK, 4 to 5 minutes now.
Yeah, I did have a question.
So during that four or five minutes when
the machine was working,
what exactly what exactly was it doing
there?
OK, what exactly?
Smith, over to you.
So it splits onto multiple parallel
processes.
One process is extracting basic
information,
not basic but critical information such
as what type of tank it is,
was the joint efficiency values,
shell diameters, etcetera.
And then once it fetches those details,
it helps the back end team to basically
understand what the labour cost,
hours and all of those stuff should be.
And then it also processes the line items
1 by 1.
So regardless of whether you're uploading
an 80 page document, 200 page document,
rather than passing all pages,
we actually extract,
let's say the 20 to 30 relevant pages
from those documents.
Because of which we're able to crunch
down the time and we determine which
pages to select via an intelligent
algorithm purely depending on the
keywords of pages that are most critical
to the AI model to process.
And after that it crunches all those
numbers and gives the line items back to
the back end team,
which they then display on the front end.
And once the backing team receives this,
they then use the internal mappings they
have to your master tables to derive
these additional material labour costs.
All right, OK, So the,
the application is basically taking a,
in this case it's like a 50 page file and
it's looking through it and over the
course of four minutes figuring out which
12 pages it needs, right?
Tosses out other 28 pages, right?
You take the 12 pages and then extracts
the relevant information about shell
thickness, number of courses,
nozzle schedule, anchorage and so forth.
All that, right?
And then passes that to a,
a back end mapping algorithm that says,
OK, if I'm looking at a top,
here's what I put out.
And here's what if I'm looking at a
bottom or a cone or whatever,
I'm looking at the rim angle.
Here's what I here's what I display on
this grid.
Is that right?
Correct.
And even within it,
to break it down even further,
for the line items,
it's extracting anywhere between 65 to
250 different components.
Because for each item it extracts,
it extracts the name and then it extracts
the specifications which includes the MOC
code description which contains the width
and any other metric value that needs to
be mentioned in the format you require it
to be mentioned.
The format which you currently follow.
So when you times it,
but by let's say 8 or 15 components,
you get anywhere between 150 to 200 plus
components that's being crunched in these
4 minutes and all of them are being
passed to the back end simultaneously.
OK, all right, so, so let let me ask.
So the the one sort of area of concern I
have.
So Halen,
maybe you can put my mind at ease at this
on this reference your way.
So if,
if we're starting out with 40 pages or 50
pages or one day, maybe 300 pages.
And the model is the,
the application is taking out all
irrelevant pages, which is what we do,
by the way,
we flip through these things and we know
what page to go to and we ignore the
other sort of 90% of the pages.
How, how do we know that?
I mean sort of so,
so when these calculation files are
generated by the application,
in this case AME tank,
but in the case of a pressure vessel,
it's, you know, it's compressed the, the,
the, the application,
those calculation applications don't pay
any attention to what information is on,
you know,
the top of a page or the middle of a page
or the bottom of a page or whatever.
And if sometimes, you know,
things start on one page and then flip
over to another next page and it doesn't
care, OK, The, the, the,
the outputs don't take any consideration
for whether you know,
half of your information that you need is
on the last, last line of page 12.
And,
and this sort of carries over to the
first line of page 13.
It makes no discrimination against that.
How, how do you, how do we know Sahel,
that in a case where some pivotal
information is sort of straddling 2 pages,
how do we know we get everything?
OK?
So we prompted the model heavily, right?
And based off the domain clarification
sessions we've had with Chris,
as well as the initial discovery sessions,
we prompted the model.
So the exact thinking process,
I can't tell you verbatim because AI is
sort of a least a large language model,
is sort of a black box,
so you can't visualize every hidden layer.
However,
we have enforcings in place and we refer
to the table of contents to ensure that
no page is overlooked.
Even if the content goes over to the next
page,
we adhere to the page number structure
defined in the table of contents.
This way we don't skip out any pages.
But ultimately,
it's difficult to give you the exact
explanation.
This is the logic that the AI model is
following.
Yeah,
You understand my question basically,
which is,
let's just say we got a nozzle schedule
and there's 12 nozzles and the 1st 11 are
on page.
You know, I'll just make up this thing.
They're on page 40,
but the last one is on page 41.
Yeah, right.
AME tank or compress,
they don't care that it ships.
It is that this grid is not all on one
page.
It doesn't care.
Yeah.
So what we do is let's say in your table
of contents you've written down nozzle
schedule is page 40 and then the
subsequent title is at page 41.
While we're considering nozzle schedule,
we'll consider page 39, page 40, page 41.
OK.
All right.
OK.
Does that answer your question, David?
We have got I guess in other words,
we have a high degree of confidence.
So hail that everything,
all the components that are on the tank
that are listed in those in that
calculation,
they're all going to be here when we go
to look for them, correct?
Yeah.
And I think if, if there are,
if there are any scenarios or or age
cases, right,
that is not covered in the prompt
engineering,
I think we should be able to identify,
right.
When we go through,
let's say this is situation one I'm
considering, we will have some feedback,
right, on the descriptions component.
We will have the feedback from Chris on
the material cost and the labour hours
calculation, right?
So that's something we will take away,
right?
We will look at prove that logic again,
come back to iteration 2 and maybe if
there's anything then we can cover that
into iteration 3 as well.
But that's why we need to look at like
possible scenario majority parties is is
already covered as a part of the current
design.
Yeah.
And as I mentioned in the work call on
Monday,
right that still we are looking at the I,
I was assuming it's 25,
but Ajay corrected me yesterday that
Shakti it is more than 4548 small,
small tables, mapping tables.
So I will,
I will use the new numbers 48 tables like
for material cost and the labor
calculation.
So that is still going on.
Maybe some of them need to look at making
sure that nothing is overlooked in terms
of the data mapping.
It's not related to code, API or AI.
It's just purely logic rules, right,
That we need to work on the data.
That's it.
Yeah.
OK, so, so let me ask that doctor,
you know,
so when we look at the outputs here,
which is great, now we're going to have,
you know,
a model here we can start to look at and
put to the test, right.
And when we find that the model has done
something wrong and this, you know,
800 hours for something that should be
like, you know,
20 hours or something like that,
What what do we do?
What, what, what do we do then?
Yeah.
So I think we we have a template where we
normally ask to capture those feedback
that we have used this designed document
and specific this component,
right as per the document,
we should be having this number of hours
or this cost, which is incorrect.
So if you have that detail right with the
reference of the document design document
and we will look at that.
So Ajay,
let's let's share that feedback document
right after this call so that can be
looked at and we can use that our, our oh,
say Teams, right, shared folder.
And we will use document over there.
So you can access or just a thought as we
already have a note, right?
So while reviewing that particular
document,
a user could easily update anything over
here only and then they could save the
entire estimation.
And from there we could review the
information.
No need to go here.
No, no, no, that, that's the system,
right?
We need to capture the feedback, right?
If there's more than one item problem and
we need to record those feedback as well,
right?
So we can look at whether it's something
that can be quickly fixed and we can
provide update tomorrow or something.
It will take long, right?
So let's let's use our standard template.
Yeah, OK.
And then we will put that into a group.
So anyone can use that,
update it and then we can look at time to
time.
Yeah, in a structured way.
Yep.
So now David from here,
this version is updated on UAT enrollment.
So you should be able to access it from
today onwards,
right now for developing team as a next
step.
What I was thinking that yes,
we have ASME, we have storage tank, right?
Those take we need to look at.
But what I want to do,
we have two to three items still remain
on API tank.
Things like if I make any change in the
description that I want to recalculate,
right,
the specific line item for material cost
or labour hours, right?
And again, I want to save this estimate.
If I want to create a new estimate
version,
then I should be able to create a new
estimate version.
So some of the features are still in
development, right?
So we want to complete that in next
couple of days.
We will give you exact timeline when that
version is available, right?
So meanwhile you guys review provider
feedback,
we will take those item plus we will move
forward with the development as well.
And once it is done,
we will actively write,
look at and give you a timeline about the
other three tank.
Yeah, but it is not gonna be in a month.
It will be,
I would say a week or or two week right
down the line.
Yeah.
So in terms of prioritization, Shakti,
yeah,
the team's priority now to get the ASME
pressure vessel sort of type of tank
working or to improve the functionality
and accuracy of the storage tank the the
API tank, yeah.
So improving the functionality and
accuracy,
we will have that point parallel to the
development.
And I think we just need to agree that if
you want me to focus on ASME and presser
vessels,
we can take those tank on a priority.
Then we need to just have agreement that
OK,
there is feature called new estimate
version,
there's a feature I want to edit this
line item and recalculate the labour
hours, right?
So we will do that later.
But I think that is important.
It is, it is a small point.
It's not going to take let's say a week
or two week, right.
But creating a new version,
I can put it to a,
let's say a second priority,
but changing the line item,
changing the material code and
calculating the right price and hours,
we need to take it right now before we go
to the tank.
What do you think?
So Because when we look at when we look
at when we look at the estimate, right,
the minimum operation I would see is
uploading the document, seeing the data,
right.
Next step is verify the accuracy if any
problems right report.
So we will work on that definitely as a
priority.
One second, yeah, continue shot,
you're good.
Yeah.
And and 2nd now when I look at to how
that complete estimate,
maybe I need to update the description,
maybe I need to update the material code,
maybe I need to recalculate the cost and
labour.
So that is something minimum I need to
look at, right?
The Third Point I see in the bottom part,
we have all the numbers and calculation
and formulas, right?
So that's something we should have.
So when I look at those 3 component which
is accuracy, right?
Second,
updating the description and recalculate
that line item and the bottom encryption,
that will make my one estimate complete,
right?
And then we look at the ASAP and press
the vessels.
Everything we're learning on the API
though is,
is going to correlate over to ASME,
correct.
Like it's not 100%, Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We are not doing anything from scratch
for ASME or preservation, right.
And I would say the majority more than
60% work is already done, right.
But again,
I don't want to write raise an
expectation here,
but I want to give you a version what we
are looking at today, right,
properly that Chris now ASM is ready or
SMS is ready, right.
So you guys can take it further.
I would prefer to just work on the API.
That's where I'm at too get it,
get it to a point where I'm actually
using it.
Yeah.
And then and and we're looking at minimum,
minimum function that we need it, right?
Let's say creating a new estimate version,
right?
Maybe we'll definitely put into second
priority, right.
But we need a version where we can work
with it.
So we have that right and let's let's
look at the small chunk that is remedy so
we can make it complete.
So it is usable.
That that what I meant.
Yeah, yeah, I I would agree, yeah, yeah.
On the same page in terms of
prioritization of resources.
So let's now Shakti, you know,
make sure that your team is working with
Chris and Nick and Shannon or whatever to
and through the accuracy of what this API
version is giving us so that it's usable.
Yep.
As soon as as soon as we can make it.
That means that the ASME part needs to
drag behind by two or three weeks.
Well, that's fine.
We'll live with that.
Yeah, No, no, that's what I meant, right?
That we want to have like something that
is now usable and focus on the accuracy
and whatever we do right that will also
reusable for the other thing as well.
So we do we're not doing right that from
scratch and we are looking at another
three months.
That's not going to happen right Is there
is nowhere is a use case that we're
looking at.
Yeah.
OK, so I'll,
I'll have a call with after this with the
team making sure that we are on the same
page.
And we will have 2 member,
one from the data side,
one member from the EA side, right.
They will be available to work on it with
Chris Rick and any feedback we received.
Then actively they will look at and give
you the update that at the same time we
will have arrangement where we are
progressing on the development as well.
So that's something I will look at yeah.
Can we go back Ajay to the to the
application and and you know,
look at some of the output there,
the particularly like the cone top or a
flat bottom or something like that.
All right,
So let me just have a look here.
OK, so let me ask, you know, I I don't,
you know,
see on here the diameter of the tank.
So yeah,
I was actually thinking about that when
he was flipping through him.
You know,
we don't have that information on the
screen.
Yeah.
It would be good to have up here
someplace and you guys can't see where
I'm pointing,
but over top of the material dollar and
labor hours,
it'd be good to have like a little
description box or whatever that tells us
the diameter and the shell height of the
of the tank.
OK yeah.
So like this is a, you know,
a 48 by 48 inch diameter by, you know,
72 inch tall or whatever it is.
I have no idea, but OK.
Yeah.
OK.
Is that coming from the material cost or
labour house material?
Can we click on the second tab which
information we're looking at here?
Sorry.
So this one you're referring right apart.
Apart from these three top cards that you
have document material costs and labour.
Along with that,
we have another card that's basic
information and that chord contains
details like what's the diameter of the
shell and some other maybe key pieces of
information that they need that That's
right.
So, yeah, the diameter and the,
the shell height so that we can see
roughly what size of vessel we're looking
at here.
Because I, I,
you're just looking at these line items.
I don't know automatically what's the
diameter of the tank or how many shell
forces I'm going to need just, you know,
to sort of calibrate it in my head.
Yeah, 'cause we're going to be, you know,
kind of checking on this and to have to
go in and dig to get it.
You know, we can do it,
but it'd be much easier if it was just a
card.
And really that would be it.
It's just kind of shell height,
shell diameter would really get it there.
Yeah.
So we we can we can add one more card on
the top, let's say,
I would say summary right before the
document.
And we see all those 7 five to six
attributes and then we go into a document.
Is that helpful?
Where where where you got a little block?
It says note right there.
That where it says note, note, block,
just put, you know,
summary or something like that.
I mean that that's where we probably see
it.
Yeah, just size.
Size, really.
Size.
Yeah, size.
Perfect.
OK, fine.
Because we want to see that size all the
time.
Yeah.
You understand that We got output
diameter,
then she'll hide all those stuff.
OK.
Got it.
And so we we are expecting that
information anyway.
We just need to present.
Yeah, we have it already.
Just need to escalate them.
Fine.
We just need to display it.
OK.
So this is this is for Amit to take
action.
Yeah.
Yeah, sure.
So.
All right, on the rim angle,
I can see that we've got like a little
input.
This is here made from 220 foot angles,
which is great.
OK, so that tells us, you know,
we're going to need to buy 220 foot
pieces of three sixteenths 2 by 2 angle.
The the length is kind of you know, well,
so 220 foot if it's correct for that.
That's exactly right.
What about for like, you know,
if the top or the bottom need to be made
of, you know,
two different size plates or something
like that?
Do we have a,
a functionality that that's working yet
on how to determine, you know,
what combination of plates we need in
order to make up a given component?
Not, not yet, not yet,
but that is something we have in our
backlog.
And Jitendra did mention to me,
not yesterday,
but day before yesterday that this is 1
item we need to calculate.
Yeah, but we haven't done that at,
at the moment.
But we know that at at at some stage we
need to work out that what,
what do we need, right?
Can we prioritize that also now, Shakti?
Yep.
OK, fine.
So Jitendra,
let's let's take that item as well in
this equation working.
Yeah.
That's gonna need to be working for this
document for this for for this tank.
Yeah, be correct.
That needs to work.
OK, OK.
And on that as I have just mentioned
earlier,
like we are waiting for the response from
Chris so that we should have that
calculation and based on that we could
build the logic for some of the component
show the made from information.
Sorry,
you're waiting on Chris for something.
Yes, yes.
What?
So he has made some information.
So for some of the no,
I'm not buying that.
OK, I'm not buying that.
So we have told you that we need this,
I'll call it algorithm or routine or
whatever for weeks.
So don't tell me now that you're waiting
on us.
Actually, we're waiting on you, Yes,
but for some of the for weeks of Jay,
don't tell me that you don't know what
you're.
If you haven't had time to do it,
then make the time.
Yeah,
but I think he's looking for the
information, David.
So we discussed.
Yeah.
OK.
No, we take the mutual website.
We've actually,
you probably don't know this.
We've actually even taken the team to a
website where it does this already.
We've done this, yes,
but for in that scenario,
why are we still waiting for this?
Yes, in that scenario,
what we have mentioned is the website is
not something where we could fetch the
information on rely on.
Because if website is not working,
then the system will not work in that way,
right?
So what I, we have asked to please,
please provide us that calculation
details in a table format so that we
could build or implement that logic from
our end.
No, no, you've got it all wrong.
You're asking us to do your work for you.
It's backwards.
You guys need to figure this out and it's
not hard.
We are talking,
let's suppose for a particular component,
if we need to know from where we will
calculate the made from details.
OK, now for that there is certain rule,
right?
Yes, in a particular call,
Chris has shared a particular website
from where we get that information.
But after that we agreed upon like Greece
will share that information.
Based on that we will build the logic and
then showcase the mid form information.
Even in the last week we have connected
with Greece and we agreed upon the same
information.
Yeah.
But my understanding was you just needed
to know the available plate sizes,
which is on, you know, the shared folder.
Sorry, Chris is saying, yeah,
Chris is saying sorry that we just need
to know the available plate size and that
information is available on the folder
and we need to calculate, right,
the size from that source that we don't
need to do anything else.
And the let's say, yeah,
for some of the component we have done
that, let's suppose for the shell.
So we have killed the lot.
We have already built the logic.
So from the design calculation we will
get the thickness and the quantity like
quantity and then width and length.
We have already built the logic and you
can see the information on the front end.
So that is not an issue.
So whichever component is known and
whichever component the information is
available,
let's let's work on that part and share
the information that for specific this
area, we don't have the detail, right?
So let's look at that properly because in
last two to four week,
we haven't done that area.
Let's look at the information what we
have, right?
And then we go back to Chris, right?
I don't think we need to spend any other
time on that area.
OK, OK, OK.
So let us look at David, the information,
what we have the information that you
provided, right?
And if it is available and the formula is
there,
we'll just verify and we implement the
logic.
Yeah, that sounds good.
Yeah.
And there there's, you know,
more than one place where there's just
there's a website that we go to all the
time for this,
but there's more than one website out
there that does this.
It's it's not,
we're not asking you to invent this for
the first time.
Yep.
OK.
Anything else we need to catch up today?
No, nothing new.
No, please.
Sure.
Tell whatever we are seeing is like
correct.
Like because I'm seeing like different
material for the shell 304.
We're going to have to go through it and
tell them what's everything that's wrong,
right?
That's what we're going to have to do.
That's next.
It's wrong.
Calculation doesn't have two material,
right.
Should not be material correct in the
calculation.
So.
So we just tell them that it's wrong and
then we'll figure out where.
Oh, yeah.
OK.
Yeah, yeah.
So at least now we're seeing something.
Yep, right,
which is like a big step forward, OK.
It's a big step forward, yeah.
And the team has done a good job to get
us this stage, right.
So initial checking has, yeah.
So Nick, initial checking has been done,
right, But we haven't done.
I would say there's a difference between
how we check it,
because we check it from the technical
side and logical side.
And since we are not in the industry and
not doing this work day-to-day,
it will be difficult right for us to
confirm that whether this is correct or
not.
So that's where right this phase comes
that as a user let's if Chris is doing
your work,
then he can look at maybe his material
code, his labour hours,
something is not adding up, right.
Raise the flag and then we can look at in
the detail that what exactly go need.
Maybe there is a some required change in
the data pricing calculation,
something will come up or maybe we need
to fix it from over side right,
whatever it is.
Yeah, yeah.
So last week,
me and the team got together on Friday,
I think it was,
and we looked at the example that we used
last week.
It was 1015 minutes.
We pointed out the mistakes and they
figured out where the issues were.
So we're just gonna have to, yeah,
we'll just keep happy going through that.
That's an expected part of the process.
I'm just,
I'm very pleased actually to correct this
thing.
Yeah.
I thought like, you know,
there they can map 70% of the component
or 50%.
I don't see like 70% output on the on the
estimate.
That's what my, you know.
Thank you.
It looks like it's 5 or 10% output or 10%
mapping from the calculation.
Yeah, maybe 40%, but yeah, not 100.
Yeah, because there's no nozzles,
there's no band move on there.
Yeah.
So we got, yeah,
so we got some things to do, but yeah,
but yeah,
so at least there's something there to
comment on, which is great.
OK, Yeah.
OK, good.
So we will share the e-mail and along
with that last week itself,
I have shared that week start guide.
So I will again share that so that you
guys have that idea how to use the
application just for a big guide.
Yep, great.
Thank you.
Thank you guys.
Thank you.
Bye.
Bye work.
OK, OK, bye for now.
Bye.